doc: nrf-bm: app_dev: dfu: bootloader_keys: Embeeded key record (#733)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/app_dev/dfu/bootloader_keys.rst

To enable the Kconfig options for the MCUboot image, edit the :file:`sysbuild/mcuboot.conf` file in your application directory.
For most of the samples, you must create the :file:`sysbuild` folder and the :file:`sysbuild/mcuboot.conf` file.
This file applies to the MCUboot image only and is edited the same way as the :file:`prj.conf` file is used for your application image.

.. _ug_bootloader_keys_embedded:

> Bootloader buildin Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bootloader builtin Key
```

> Bootloader builtin Key

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bootloader built-in Key
```

**********************

For nRF54LS05B devices, the bootloader will use one embedded key.

> This key is part of the bootloader image and it is unchangeable unless the bootloader is reprogramed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This key is part of the bootloader image and it is unchangeable unless the bootloader is reprogrammed.
```

> For this method, no additional configuration, nor steps are required for the bootloader to use the key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this method, no additional configuration or other actions are required for the bootloader to use the key.
```
